C07 kks dialogue (#115)
IllusionMods/KKS-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c07/00/37/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//

> 「おし、どっちが早くゴールにつくか競争だな！」=“Let's see who can get to the goal faster!”
> 「このカヤックは二人で漕ぐものだよ。あとレースをするわけじゃないから」=“The kayak's meant to be paddled by two people. It's not like we're in a race.”
> 「ただ漕ぐだけのか？　それじゃあ、あんまり盛り上がらないと思うぞ？」=“Just paddling? Well then, it's not going to very exciting, is it?”
> 「マングローブを楽しむ目的があるんだよ！　思考がスポーツに寄り過ぎてるよ……」=“The point is to enjoy the mangroves! You're thinking too much like this is a sport...”
> 「悪い悪い、どうしてもそういう風に考えちゃうんだって。よし、目的も分かったことだし、楽しむとするか！」=“Sorry, sorry, I just can't help thinking that way. Alright, I know what the purpose is, and I'm going to enjoy it!”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「おし、どっちが早くゴールにつくか競争だな！」=“A'right, let's see who can get to the goal faster!”
「このカヤックは二人で漕ぐものだよ。あとレースをするわけじゃないから」=“The kayak's meant to be paddled by two people. And, we're not racing.”
「ただ漕ぐだけのか？　それじゃあ、あんまり盛り上がらないと思うぞ？」=“Just paddling? Well then, it's not going to very exciting, is it?”
「マングローブを楽しむ目的があるんだよ！　思考がスポーツに寄り過ぎてるよ……」=“The point is to enjoy the mangroves! You're thinking too much like this is a sport...”
「悪い悪い、どうしてもそういう風に考えちゃうんだって。よし、目的も分かったことだし、楽しむとするか！」=“Sorry, sorry, I just can't help thinking that way. Alright, now that I know what we're doing, let's go and enjoy it!”
```

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「おし、どっちが早くゴールにつくか競争だな！」=“Let's see who can get to the goal faster!”
「このカヤックは二人で漕ぐものだよ。あとレースをするわけじゃないから」=“The kayak's meant to be paddled by two people. It's not like we're in a race.”
「ただ漕ぐだけのか？　それじゃあ、あんまり盛り上がらないと思うぞ？」=“Just paddling? Well then, it's not going to very exciting, is it?”
「マングローブを楽しむ目的があるんだよ！　思考がスポーツに寄り過ぎてるよ……」=“The point is to enjoy the mangroves! You're thinking too much like this is a sport...”
「悪い悪い、どうしてもそういう風に考えちゃうんだって。よし、目的も分かったことだし、楽しむとするか！」=“Sorry, sorry, I just can't help thinking that way. Alright, I know what the purpose is, and I'm going to enjoy it!”

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
